Move postgis docker image version to environment (#1154)
opengisch/QFieldCloud: README.md

You can use either the integrated `minio` object storage, or use an external provider (e. g. S3) with versioning enabled. Check the corresponding `STORAGE_*` environment variables for more info.

### Database

> You can use either the integrated postgis database setup for local and standalone instances, or use an external postgis database, which is recommended. Check the corresponding `POSTGRES_*` environment variables for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QFieldCloud requires a PostgreSQL/PostGIS database persisting it's own data.
The recommended and only supported way is to use an external to the docker-compose stack PostgreSQL/PostGIS database.
Check the corresponding `POSTGRES_*` environment variables for more info.

> [!CAUTION]
> For local development and testing you can use the `db` service in `docker-compose.standalone.yml`.
```

> If a local postgis is running and hosting QFieldCloud's data, check the `POSTGIS_IMAGE_VERSION` for controlling the version of the PostgreSQL / PostGIS backend. [These commands](https://gist.github.com/gounux/2c0779fcb22e512cbdc613eb78200571) can help in order to migrate the local PG service from a major version to another one (risky operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a local PostGIS is running and hosting QFieldCloud's data, check the `POSTGIS_IMAGE_VERSION` for controlling the version of the PostgreSQL/PostGIS backend.
[These commands](https://gist.github.com/gounux/2c0779fcb22e512cbdc613eb78200571) can help in order to migrate the local PG service from a major version to another one.
Migration to a newer database version is a risky operation to your data, so prepare and test the backup of the `postgres_data` volume. 
```
